[release] v5.16.1 (#42897)
mui/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## v5.16.1

_Jul 10, 2024_

A big thanks to the 3 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - ⚛️ Material UI is now compatible with React 18.3.1

Author: Should we mention other packages? Truth is we updated to React 18.3.1 everywhere.

Reviewer: I think we should, what about:

```suggestion
- ⚛️ All packages, including Material UI, are now compatible with React 18.3.1
```

Author: Applied

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## v5.16.1

_Jul 11, 2024_

A big thanks to the 4 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- ⚛️ All packages, including Material UI, are now compatible with React 18.3.1

### `@mui/material@5.16.1`

- [AppBar] Fix inherit color is inconsistent between ThemeProvider and CssVarsProvider (#42713) @ZeeshanTamboli

### `@mui/joy@5.0.0-beta.48`

- [Autocomplete] Fix React spread key warning (#42856) @aarongarciah

### Docs

- [material-ui] Fix React 18.3 key spread warnings in Autocomplete demos (#42854) @aarongarciah
- [material-ui] Fix type error in virtualized table demo (#42852) @aarongarciah
- Fix typos (@omahs) (#42888) @omahs
- Fix 301 @oliviertassinari

### Core

> - [core] Bump React to 18.3.1 (#42846) @aarongarciah

Reviewer 2: ❤️
